Give Elixir changes some background (#218)
exercism/docs: using/solving-exercises/legacy-files.md

### Elixir

> During the course of v2, Elixir changes its exercise structure from using elixir scripts (`*.exs` files) to a complete mix projects for each exercise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the course of v2, Elixir changed its exercise structure from using elixir scripts (`*.exs` files) to a complete mix project for each exercise.
```

> During the course of v2, Elixir changes its exercise structure from using elixir scripts (`*.exs` files) to a complete mix projects for each exercise.
> In order to use the features of v3, copy the your solution module to the stub file located at `lib/<exercise_stub>.ex`.
> You don't need to move the test file, the updated version will already be present in the correct location.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In July 2019, Elixir changed its exercise structure from using Elixir scripts (`*.exs` files) to a complete [Mix project](https://elixir-lang.org/getting-started/mix-otp/introduction-to-mix.html) for each exercise.
In order to use the features of v3, copy your solution to the stub file located at `lib/<exercise_stub>.ex`.
You don't need to move the test file, the updated version will already be present in the correct location.
```

Reviewer 2: @iHiD take this suggestion and merge 🙂
